hey guys Casey Martin here with the
bowling Pro staff I'd like to talk to
you about a new bait it's a top water
bait it's a walking style bait similar
to a scoop or a gun fish but one thing
that makes this be truly unique it's the
sound that it emits it emits a high
frequency and low frequency pitch sound
simultaneously that will entice dying
fast and have some of the most vicious
strikes you've ever seen
one of the things that actually does
this sound actually will call the fish
in from a long distance and entice them
to bite one of the one of the things I
noticed when throwing this lure is a
triggering and attracting qualities of
this big bass will come a long ways to
hit this lure and when they do they
crush it let's talk about a few of the
quality components of this bait first
off I like to talk about the Gamakatsu
hooks they're black nickel very sticky
sharp hooks so when you do get those big
explosive bites you'll be able to land
them and get them into the boat the
other thing I like is the realistic 3d
eyes if you can see those most topwaters
don't have a real good eyes that 3d eyes
I think entice a few more a few more
bites throughout the day one of the
other things that I like is the design
of the bait itself it has a taper along
the side here and that taper there will
actually allow the fish to come up when
it comes up from behind to engulf the
bait a little better and increase your
hook up ratio one other thing I like
also is the noise this is this is the
key key factor this noise and that's why
it's called boring lures because it has
that high and low pitch frequency at the
same time if you can hear that do that
noise it's like nothing any other top
water bait sounds like another thing I
like about this bait is the paint job
each bait is individually custom painted
by Duane Bailey at bait works the thing
the key thing about this is you'll have
a bait that other fishermen aren't
throwing colors that the fish have never
seen and this will entice more strikes
when you're out on the water I'll
actually be coming out with a custom
color later next month and it'll be a
real good fish catcher and check us out
on Facebook it's boring lures
and thanks for watching